Explain the ER Diagram. 
We have used dbdiagram.io to create relationships between table.
We have 10 tables: 
1. Prod information (prod)
2. Sales Transactions (transactions)
3. Calender details (clnd)
4. Inventory Locations (invloc)
5. Point of sales (possite)
6. Pricing States (pricestate)
7. Retail locations (rtlloc)
8. Inventory status (invstatus)
9.Holiday references (hldy)
10. Average cost tracking (average cost)

Each table has a primary key and foreign key referring to other tables.
Table relationships and their meanings.
1) Transactions and related tables.
 Transactions is the central table that connects it to the other tables.
It connects to-->
prod --> Using sku_id (For product sold in the transaction)
clnd --> using fscldt_id (Fiscal date of the transaction)
possite --> using pos_site_id (Point of sale side where transaction occurred)
pricestate --> using price_substate_id (price state available for id)
averagecost --> using fscldt_id (to find the average cost for transactions occurred)

2)Prod table:
prod contains product information.
sku_id is the primary key.
It is linked to transactions via sku_id.

3) Calender date (clnd)
fscldt_id is the primary key. The table shows fiscal date including weekly quarterly etc

4)Pricing state table(pricestate)
substate_id is the primary key.This stores different pricing categories (e.g., discounts, special pricing).
It allows transactions to be categorized based on price adjustments.

5) Inventory Location Table(invloc)
loc is the primary key. Stores details about inventory location. 
Useful for tracking stock levels by location.

6)POS Point of Sale POS Table:
site_id is the primary key.
Stores details of pos sites where transactions occurred.

7) Retail location table (rtlloc)
str is the primary key. Stores information about retail stores.

8) Holiday table:
hldy_id is the primary key. Stores information about holidays.

9) Inventory Status Table (invstatus)
code_id is the primary key. Stores details about inventory stock categories.

10) Average cost table (averagecost):
sku_id is the primary key. Stores average costs per sku over time.

